Adds FakeClient to reproduce work and error property in UnifiedResponse (#8009)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/tutorial/acquiring_data/index.rst

    <BLANKLINE>
    <BLANKLINE>

> Failed client errors be reported in the returned `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse` and also on the individual `~sunpy.net.base_client.QueryResponseTable` responses in the ``.errors`` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failed client errors are reported in the returned `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedResponse` and also on the individual `~sunpy.net.base_client.QueryResponseTable` responses in the ``.errors`` attributes.
```
